🐛 🎓 Topic sorting --- Bubble sort worst case scenario 🔬 (#1051)
jameshughes89/cs102: src/site/topics/sorting/sorting-basic.rst

Worst Case Scenario
-------------------

* The above example showed the *worst case scenario* for this specific bubble sort idea

>     * Theis specific case is where the list is in reverse order

Author: ```suggestion
    * This case here is where the list is in reverse order
```
